

== Main Menu ==

The main menu should offer the user different save-slots from which he
can select one, a exit button and an option menu. A bonus would be the
function to rewatch cutscenes and dialog via a special menu.

== Option Menu ==

The option menu should allow to tweak the standard meta-game
options, volume, fullscreen/window mode, language, controlls
(important!) and such. The option menu should be available from inside
the game as well.

== Save game Slots ==

Saving will be based on slots, not files, when the user enters an
empty slot a new game starts, if he enters a non-empty slot the game
will continue at the last save-point. Saving will be mostly automatic.

The game will save automatically when you quit and will offer a continue
button in the menu that brings you back to where you quit.

== Respawning ==

Its not yet clear how respawing should be handled, one way would be
that the player respawns in a hospital in the city when he is
critically hurt (GTA-like), another solution would be to simply
respawn at the last rooms entrance (Beyond Good&Evil). 

== New Game ==

Before starting a new game it might be wise to force the user to
configure its input, else the game itself might get confusing.

Once the user starts a new game a scrolling text which gives a general
introduction about the backstory of the game is presented:

"Its the year 2248[1], after mankind has developed faster-then-light
travel they have begun colonizing other planets and building up
industries on other planets in the search for usefull good, one could
call it a second gold rush. Some say mankind has spread faster then
good for them, others hail the technological progress. Some colonies
have become quickly abandoned after no worthy goods have shown up on a
planet, other flourish at the same time and some struggle for their
survival. This story takes place on one of the struggeling colonies,
resources are rare and goods are seldom, the people struggle for their
survival. We are going to tell the story of Jane[2], a Mercenary on
planet X-Gamma-5..."

(text runs out and the game fades over to the apartment of Jane, where
Jane is just doing a VR training in her new powersuit)